Update README.md (#21)
algolia/mcp: README.md

```shell
/path/to/the/repo/cmd/mcp/mcp
```

> _Note that there is a double /mcp/mcp_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note that there are two `/mcp`s in the path above
```

This could be a better way to phrase it
